.. Poppy documentation master file, created by
   sphinx=quickstart on Thu Sep  6 21:02:16 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

###################
Poppy Documentation
###################

OpenStack Poppy
---------------

Poppy is an OpenStack project designed to make CDN services easier to consume with a generic vendor-neutral API.


What is Poppy?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Poppy provides *CDNaaS* for OpenStack:

* REST API for CDN service provisioning
* Multi-tenant
* Integrated with Keystone for Authentication
* Integrated with Designate for dynamic CNAMEing
* Support for CDN providers (Fastly, MaxCDN, CloudFront, Akamai, Edgecast)

OpenStack operators have many choices when incorporating a Content Delivery Network (CDN) into their infrastructure -- the CDN marketplace has both tried-and-true vendors and up-and-coming upstarts with innovative new features.

But these vendors often have highly-customized and proprietary provisioning APIs. This can be problematic when an operator wishes to support multiple providers -- or swap out one vendor for another. And these challenges spill over to developers who become forced into codifying the CDN instructions for multiple vendors into their applications.

Poppy aims to solve these challenges. Written as a modular, vendor-neutral API, Poppy incorporates a driver-based model that wraps provisioning instructions for all CDN vendors that support it. Application developers can write their code once, and Poppy will handle all the requisite translations behind-the-scenes.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   install/index
   getting_started/about

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   user/index
   user/provider_details
   glossary

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   reference/index
   contributor/index

Poppy source documentation
--------------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4

   api/modules

-------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`


.. note::
   This documentation is generated by the Sphinx toolkit and lives in the source
   tree. Additional draft and project documentation on Poppy and other components of OpenStack can
   be found on the `OpenStack wiki`_. Cloud administrators, refer to `docs.openstack.org`_.

.. _`OpenStack wiki`: http://wiki.openstack.org
.. _`docs.openstack.org`: http://docs.openstack.org
